[DOCS] Expands ELSER tutorial with optimization info (#97392)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/semantic-search-elser.asciidoc

NOTE: ELSER output must be ingested into a field with the `rank_features` field 
type. Otherwise, {es} interprets the token-weight pairs as a massive amount of 
fields in a document. If you get an error similar to this 
`"Limit of total fields [1000] has been exceeded while adding new fields"` then 
the ELSER output field is not mapped properly and it has a field type different 
than `rank_features`.

[source,console]
----
PUT my-index
{
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "ml.tokens": { <1>
        "type": "rank_features" <2>
      },
      "text": { <3>
        "type": "text" <4>
      }
    }
  }
}
----
// TEST[skip:TBD]
<1> The name of the field to contain the generated tokens.
<2> The field to contain the tokens is a `rank_features` field.
<3> The name of the field from which to create the sparse vector representation. 
In this example, the name of the field is `text`.
<4> The field type which is text in this example.

[discrete]

> [[save-space]]

Reviewer: Can this section be moved to the bottom of the file? I feel like it is a digression from the flow of the tutorial and is something to consider once the user has got started with ELSER

> ==== Saving disk space by configuring the destination index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Saving disk space by excluding the ELSER tokens from document source
```

> The weighted terms generated by ELSER must be indexed for use in the 

Reviewer: Same point about using `tokens` instead of `terms`

<<query-dsl-text-expansion-query, text_expansion query>>. However, it is not 
necessary to retain those terms in the document source. You can save disk space 
by using the <<include-exclude,source exclude>> mapping to remove the ELSER 
terms from the document source. 

WARNING: Reindex uses the document source to populate the destination index. 
Once the ELSER terms have been excluded from the source, they cannot be 
recovered through reindexing. Excluding the tokens from the source is a 
space-saving optimsation that should only be applied if you are certain that 
reindexing will not be required in the future! It's important to carefully 
consider this trade-off and make sure that excluding the ELSER terms from the 
source aligns with your specific requirements and use case.

> The mapping that excludes `_source` from the destination index can be created by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping that excludes `ml.tokens` from the  `_source` field can be created by 
```
